Filter repository by Status on Activation Key page (#3252)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-and-disabling-repositories-on-activation-key.adoc

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Lifecycle* > *Activation Keys*.
. Select an activation key.
. Select the *Repository Sets* tab.

> . Optional: Clear the *Limit to Environment* checkbox to only views repositories that are available in the lifecycle environment of the activation key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Clear the *Limit to Environment* checkbox to view repositories that are available in the lifecycle environment of the activation key.
```

Author: :see_no_evil: Applied!
